# MyTerraform
# @Author - Deepak Atrey
This is a project to provision the AWS infrastructure using Terraform. 
Below are some insights of this project and which will - 
- Create a Virtual private cloud using the CIDR provided into variables.tf file
- Provision a public subnet with the given CIDR provided into variables.tf file.
- Provision a private subnet with the given CIDR provided into variables.tf file.
- Creates a NAT gateway for the communication between private subnet and public subnet.
- Creates the security groups for the instances launched into Public and private subnet.
- Launches three ec2 instances using Amazon's AMIs. i.e. Linux VM for private & public subnet and one for NAT gateway instance.
- Attach the Elastic IPs with public subnet.
- Creates route table for both public and private subnet and attach it accordingly.
- User data installs/ updates JAVA1.8, Jenkins as service and Ansible2 on the instance in Public subnet. 
- This will work as Controller node for the application.

Steps to Run the above Script:
Pre-req:
System should have Terraform v0.11.7 or equivalent. 
You should have a AWS Free Tier or paid account.
You should have Access key, secret key or .pem file to access your account.

Steps: 
Fork My Code from the Github repo to your local machine where Terraform is installed. 
Edit the terraform.tfvars files and add your Access key, secret key or add the path to your .pem file to access your AWS account.
Edit the variables.tf files to specify your desired AMIsm CIDR for VPC, Private subnet and public subnet.

1. Run "terraform init" to your local repo where terraform scripts exists.
2. Run "terraform plan" to create an execution plan
3. Run "terraform apply" to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.

Note: This project is using the userdata within the .tf script. I will be further enhancing it to use a template file to install jenkins/ansible/java.
